# TDT4140-Gruppe-85
Software development.
This is a project for group 85.
How to use it:

As a Professor:
You start at the index page and choose the "Log in as lecturer".
Now you are at the lecturer-startpage. 
For making sure a student can log in, you have to press the button "Generate pin".
This is generating a pincode for students to use so they can access the system. 
The pin is a randomly generated number of four digits. 
The idea is that this page is eather on an overhead projector or is beeing told verbaly or wroted down on the blackboard.
After this you can press the button "Continue".
Now you are inside the Lecturer part of the program. 
Here you can see live the way the students are cooping with the current pace. 
In addition you can see questions students are wondering about. Theese will appear in the "chat-box" in the middle of the page.
If you, as a lecturer have already answered the question (verbally), you can delete questions by clicking on them. 

XXXX need logout XXXX

As a student:
You start by pressing the button "Log in as student".
Now you are inside the student startpage. 
To get further you need a pincode, generated by the lecturer. 
When you have recived the pincode from lecturer (verbally, or other) you need to write this pincode in the "Password"-textbox.
If you have wroted the right pincode you will come inside the student page of the system. 
In this window you can do two things. 
You can press three different buttons, named; 
"Not following!" (red),
"Doing fine!" (yellow),
or "Too easy!" (green). 
This is for the lecturer to know how you, as a student, are cooping with the current pace. 
The button values will appear as a slider for the lecturer. 

You can also send questins directly to the lecturer. This window is like a chat-box for you, the lecturer and other students to see.
This way the same questions doesn´t need to appear twice. 
Your question will be send right into the lecturers system-window. 

XXXX need logout XXXX
